The fastest people to switch are
enterprises. Usually enterprises aren't
the ones that adopt it first, but that
is what the data showed us is that
enterprise were first movers here and
they were doing it because of the
productivity gains.
You absolutely have to be able to add AI
and AI capabilities to existing
platforms. And then there's the part
that is that the use of AI is part of
the buying process and that people are
going to LLM first which is then
changing the marketers world of how we
have to think about marketing in the age
of LLM the new LLM buying process.
[Music]
Hey everybody at Saster. Finn is the
number one AI agent for resolving
complex queries like refunds,
transaction disputes, and technical
troubleshooting, all with speed and
reliability. See how Finn can deliver
the highest resolution rates and highest
quality customer experience at
finn.ai/saster.
That's f.ai/saster.
The biggest B2B and AI event of the year
is back. It's the Saster AI Summit in
the SF Bay Area, aka the Saster Annual.
It'll be back in May 2026 with 36% of
everyone coming, CEOs. It's an
incredible AI first professional event.
The very, very best S tier folks will be
there talking about sharing and learning
how to scale AI and B2B in this new
world. But here's the reality. The
longer you wait, the higher ticket price
go up. They're really cheap in the
beginning and then, you know, just a few
days before they get kind of expensive.
But you've been warned. Early bird
tickets are available now and I want to
see you there. Once they're gone, you'll
pay hundreds more. So, book your spot
today by going to podcast.sanual.com.
That's podcast.sananiel.com.
Get your exclusive discounts for
Sasterai
SF206.
We will see you there.
>> Hey everybody, it's Saster. I'm Anil
Larut the chief AI officer here and
together with my co-host Gon Pan we're
launching a new podcast series in Sastra
called Swapping Notes where in every
episode we'll sit down with the top AI
leaders in SAS and B2B and we'll swap
notes on what's actually working and
what's not moving the needle in AI. So
whether you're a founder trying to
navigate your AI strategy or go to
market leader implementing AI features
and frameworks yourselves, this is the
show for you. So without further ado,
let's swap some notes. Hello everyone,
welcome back to SAS. We're here on a new
series we're doing. I will introduce my
co-host first. This is Giam Kaban. For
those who don't know you as G. G, tell
folks a little bit about yourself.
>> Yeah, hello everyone. I'm super excited
for this new series that I'm joining
with Zaster. So I've built a couple
growth teams in a number of like
successful companies segment and drift
and gorgeous and more recently I led all
of marketing at ramp a great fintech
company out of New York and I advise
companies in in BTB. I've been doing
that for the past 10 plus years and I've
been lucky enough that has worked and
I've built a little entity around it.
And so at Hyperrowth Partners, we advise
about 20 of the best companies per year
and we help them grow faster.
>> Amazing. And G knows a lot about AI and
marketing and just disaster. And so we
thought we'd bring him in for another
perspective of boots on the ground. And
our inaugural guest needs no
introduction, but we'll do one anyway.
The incomparable Sydney Sloan. She's the
CMO of G2. Sydney, you've got such a
great career already. other companies as
sales loft, Adobe, right? So, give the
folks who maybe don't know you a quick
intro to yourself.
>> I'm currently the CMO at G2, which was
another company that G advised for. And
so, I've been here just a little bit
over a year. Same thing like I I love
advising companies and founders. I'm
part of Stage 2 Capital as an LP. I'm
part of the scale ventures network and
stay involved in that. So blending time
between my daytime operating role, but
also
enjoy just helping founders and helping
teams figure out how to crack the nut of
growth. And today it's everybody's at
the starting line, right? Like we are we
get to hit a reset button and and so
it's like exciting times. It's exciting
times. One of the things we recently
covered on Saster that will help us kick
off here as a good transition is in your
guys's latest G2 buyers behavior report.
You put it out right before SAS annual I
think in May. We covered it on
>> releas
that's our release party. Yes.
Unplanned. Yeah.
>> It's a great release party. It's just in
front of a live studio audience in
person and live streaming but all good
there.
>> Y talked about one of the most
interesting learnings was AI. We all
talk about it now. AI for you guys at G2
now means always included. I agree. We
saw that a lot at SAS for 2. You said
88% of people won't even buy or think
about using software if it doesn't have
AI. Let's start there from your
perspective like where you've been at G2
for over a year, but you've bought
software for a long time now. Like how
have you seen that pattern change of how
people buy software with the advent of
AI?
I think there's three questions in
there. so we can unpack them. So the
first of the always included is that is
people are looking for AI capabilities
in the platforms they're buying and
surprisingly in that same report the
fast the fastest people to switch are
enterprises. Usually enterprises aren't
the ones that adopt it first. But that
is what the data showed us is that
enterprise were first movers here and
they were doing it because of the
productivity gains and you absolutely
have to be able to add AI and AI
capabilities to existing platforms. The
second is that people are now at the
point of setting their agentic strategy
and then trying to determine which
platforms they want to use to build out
their agent. So you've got this really
interesting time of you know we we're a
AI is being added to platforms. You can
build now with AI and so we're going
back to like bespoke workflows and what
can I augment with AI? what still needs
to stay people based and what's your
strategy there? Do you want to go
hybrid? Do you want to go co-pilot? So I
think everybody's in the process of
figuring that out right now.
And so that's why I said it's like super
exciting times. And then there's the
third part is that the use of AI is part
of the buying process and that people
are going to LLM first which is then
changing the marketers world of how we
have to think about marketing in the age
of LLM the new LLM buying process and
PPC is no longer the way that we can buy
our way. We have to figure out a new
way. So I think there's like we can go
deeper on each one of those things but
it's impacting all of it.
>> Yeah. I think I'm really curious about
the last one here because
obviously the buying process is changing
which mean you I and all of us marketers
we sit on the other side of that like
the selling processes if the buying
process changing the selling process has
changed right but you uniquely you see
both sides of it right because you can
see
>> because of G2 the platform right you see
the buying and the selling and so I'm
curious what are you seeing that's
changed ing in the buying process and
how are marketers addressing and how are
they adapting their selling process.
>> They're going to LLM first. So that that
has been a significant shift. What they
do is they first they go to the LLMs for
their research process, their discovery
process. And what we're seeing is that
they're they really do trust it. And so
when they site the sources, the second
place they go is the source. And
Lucky enough, we allow our information
to be indexed by the LLMs and LLMs love
userenerated content. So sites like G2
and Reddit, Wikipedia, like you're
seeing these as the main drivers of the
source of content.
And the next place they come is the
peerreview sites to do that like
factchecking. And then once they've done
that and they get down to a smaller
list, then they'll end up potentially at
those companies websites or third party
marketplaces. G you mentioned ramp
right? So ramp is trying to transact in
their own marketplace. So like our G2
reviews are also in the marketplaces and
so all of these
the process that buyers are going
through
they start with the LLMs then they go
short listing in the LLM. They might
even build their RFP template in the
LLMs and ask for sources. And so now we
as marketers have to figure out what's
the best way to influence the LLMs.
Gee, you and I had a conversation about
this. So how do we think about
influencing the LLMs
where SEO was looking for for clicks and
links? That was our whole strategy. What
we're calling GEO, generative engine
optimization is looking for answers. So,
we have to reorient our content strategy
around what are the prompts and what are
the answers that people are looking for
in the way that we're thinking about our
content. So, I learned this from G is
think about your personas and their jobs
to be done and start writing your
content around the jobs to be done and
then thinking about what types of
content are the LLM indexing on. They
love listicles. they love like user
generated content and so how do you
start to build that content?
>> Yeah, I there's something that you said
you brought up trust. You say people
trust LLMs and I think that's that is a
very important thing. I I agree with
that. That is very obvious and it's
clear that the trust is moving right
towards LLM and I think that is a core
challenge for us marketers because us
marketers from the consumer's
perspective have never been worthy of
trust. Why would he? So we've been
trying to like cue the perception.
There's some soft lying that has been
happening forever. And so now like all
of that. So we're getting disrupted. We
we've lost some of that trust. And the
trust has we're deinted.
And so that presents a unique challenge
for us. And the other thing that that
you said you said people like the AI
agents are like they like like the UGC
very much like humans because that's
what they model after right and so I
think the way that I think about it
these days for marketers I love to hear
how like you said this reason how you
reinvent yourself right but the way that
I've been thinking about it and I've
been training people on is there's
really two broad categories things that
are AI proof right the AI resilient. So
that's going to be like social proof and
influencers is going to be like some of
the UGC stuff. A lot of that the
webinars in person, the events, the
dinners, all of that that is going to
work for a while. Like people like being
in like in social connections. If Sydney
sends me a mail about something that she
cares about, I know that it is
important. I'm going to read it. I'm
going to trust it. So I have trust
there. Okay. But then the rest is
influencing the AI agent. It's
influencing Chad GPT. All right? If I
can't have that trust relationship, then
I need to influence. So it's AI proof
versus like full AI and there's
realistically nothing in between
realistically the other channels in
between like going away. But I'd love to
hear how you hit that reset button.
>> Yeah. I think the things in in in that
question when trust is starts with brand
and so it's like people need to be
starting to go back to think about the
fundamentals of brand building and how
do you build a trusted brand
using your voice of the customer using
those influencers thinking about those
the other influence sites or like what
are the trusted sites that the LLM are
using that then you need to build your
brand and influence on. And I think that
even though we're we're talking about
the buying process, when you go back and
you talk about the personas and the jobs
to be done, you can still be delivering
great content for things that are not
related to your product. If I'm, let's
say, I'm a saleserson
and we're selling,
let's say, contact data for sales.
Maybe they that's a challenge. They have
to go research. You have to go solve all
these things. But if you think about
their entire jobs to be done, they also
want to know negotiation skills or they
might want to know other things. Well,
you can still build content for that.
You can still add value to the to every
single question that they're going to go
for the LLM. And as you're seen as that
sourced reference, that's going to still
build your brand. So, you can't stop
thinking about brand building and
building relationships with your
audience. I think people are going to
still leverage LinkedIn. We know our
buyers are there. They're still going to
get influenced from within that. And
that's part of brand building. And so
trust I think and brand are equal. The
other thing is that it's giving you the
answers and accelerating your
productivity. The LLMs and and that's
also what we saw.
if it can give you a better answer than
when you know you how maybe you searched
before or it gives you insights that you
never thought. I use G I G GT 100 times
a day, right? I'm like, oh yeah, that's
an oh, I didn't even think about that.
And so that extra insight is also adding
incremental value to the end user
and that's why they're going there.
You're getting better answers. You're
getting more than you asked for. That's
crazy. So I think
the that that is why we're seeing the
LLMs take off so fast. That is why
people are trusting it and I don't see
it ever going back.
>> Yeah. And I think what's interesting in
some of the things you said double take
on is that I think it's coming from the
consumer that the B2C
of us are consumers in a way. We buy
stuff online. Yeah. Yeah. We're people.
So, so we buy stuff and in this day and
age, we buy stuff online a lot. Pushing
to buy more, right? Also, there are
purchases on which I was agonizing over
for months. So, I couldn't spend the
time to figure out which of the products
I wanted. And now that friction, that
effort is going away. And so, I can buy
arguably a product that's a better fit,
right? And every time I do that, I'm
saying that it works well. the outcome
is good, right? And so I'm learning my
brain, I'm training my brain to
recognize, hey, like this cycle of like
purchase is the better one, right? I
start trusting, hey, and everyone that I
know is doing that. And so that brings
us to something interesting which is do
you think that not only like the
research process is going to is moving
more and more towards GPD do you think
that the web itself is moving to GPT
is the purchases starting from the
consumer is something that that I
brought up we discussed a bit about it
but don't you think that e-commerce for
example purchases will be done entirely
in the chat window without opening a tab
and going through a cart and just say,
"Hey, option B of this carousel. This is
the one I need. Go for it. You have my
credit card details. You got my address
in Palm Springs." All right.
>> Yeah. Done.
>> You brought up this notion, G, of
basically sell by chat, right? Like why
can't an LLM just tell me, "Okay, I'm
already asking it for reviews for its
opinion on what I'm going to buy at a
much faster rate. you trust the LLM.
We've seen this a bit in how we're using
AI for sales. And somebody actually
coined this phrase as we were using it
that said, "Oh, I love being sold by
chat." Like our AI is basically selling
tickets to future disaster events all
via email, all automated. There is a
human in the loop, right? We are
orchestrating it. We put in the right
data. We make sure the links are right.
We make sure it doesn't hallucinate what
speakers are going to speak. It's
faster. But it's such an interesting
thing where it's totally changed how
people buy from us. Like they used to
just come to the website, buy a ticket,
disaster, and many people still do that,
but we're literally seeing it 50/50 now.
Some people prefer to buy this via chat.
We call it sell by chat. And I think
it's interesting to you bring it up from
a LLM perspective, chat perspective. of
Sydney, you have the buyer marketplace
perspective on it, but I think we are
not so far away from seeing it in both
of these instances, right? Like I think
we're not far away from seeing it in
something like a chat GBT where you ask
it for something and it can sell it to
you at a lower price point, right? I
think we're not far away from sites like
G2
>> turning into chat agents of I know you
already have a chat agent on the site
now Sydney but I think you're probably
even just a few months away or maybe
closer on you know that agent being like
let you were looking for ramp let me
hook you up to the ramp team or hey
actually I know how much ramp would be
for you let me just sell it to you so
>> there's something very valuable in what
you're saying here which is
the value of the conversation, the
perception of the value here from the
recipient standpoint is more important
than the medium.
>> Yeah.
>> And so it doesn't matter that the web's
going away and we might not use browsers
and tabs
>> cuz why would we? It's only a format,
right? It's very weird have to open so
many tabs, go through the entire page of
all the things to figure out what you
want. And if you haven't tried audience,
if you haven't tried one of the new AI
browsers, DI comet, do try it out. It's
not ready yet, but it is like
interesting like window to the future,
right? But like in the end, what matters
is
>> it doesn't matter. What matters can the
recipient get the answer that is the
most valuable and can get to the end
point. And I think indeed you're right.
What's shifting is that and the millia's
example is great. What's shifting is
that people used to and they worked at
drift a while back the perception of
chat was bad. Okay, because the
experience was bad arguably, right? And
just when you were trying to call a
United Airlines or whatever because you
had issues like the phone tree was
terrible. Okay, now the experience
arguably and we're seeing that in some
of the phone AI agents
and when you're calling it out, it's
better than when you're calling it a
outsourced
or waiting, right? Or they're closed at
certain times. Now the AI is always
there. You can call whenever
>> and it works and it just works. It just
works. And the email exchanges just work
and we get there, right? And so that I
think is what matters. The value is
there. You're delivering the value,
right?
>> So here's the conundrum.
So I 100% believe and you we were
talking about it today like we're we are
desperately in need of a website refresh
for sell.g2
which is where our buyers come. We just
launched G2.ai in June. It's if you
come, it's more of a AI based experience
for buyers to be able to do their
research. But the point is that if
everybody is starting in an LLM, they
don't want context switching, right?
They're going to want that same kind of
experience when they hit the next site
to be able to continue the conversation.
We'll see if they can be able to do it
with context like where the LLM's decide
to go. if they allow for context to be
there where they can get like a better
experience. So that's where I'm pushing
my team is we need we need to change the
entire thought process of our web
experience and I'm putting web and
content like to be able to be that same
answer engine. So somebody should be
able to land there and ask a question.
And so therefore it says like what is
the future of websites and we were
customer qualified. It's you can just
ask the qualified agent a question and
she'll deliver the right content to you.
She'll book the meeting for you. We can
continue on that transaction. You have
to think about agent handoffs and we
talk a lot about that in my kind of CMO
circles. But I see us being at that
point in the next 8 months like people
are going to re ex reimagine the
experience and build for that. Here's
the conundrum.
Then where do you put the content that
the LMS get trained on?
>> My still going to have to have it
somewhere, right?
>> Yeah. So, two things on that. I I don't
know if I'm right. All right. But what
I'm seeing one I'm seeing more and more
companies build hidden websites
completely hidden to the humans. It's an
entire other index an entire other like
web tree right for the purpose uh for AI
agents to scrape that was not allowed in
a Googlecentric world because Google
wanted to see exactly what the humans
were going to see and you were penalized
if you do doing that. You're not being
penalized. actually have positive
incentives to do that and have
completely different set of content for
the purpose of answering questions and
like training the models on and some of
the companies I work with have done it
and it has worked. So the content goes
there on anything. The second thing is
MCP coming around.
>> Okay, MCP coming around and so a lot of
the value if you go back to this example
that you had of vendors selling like
contact data and doing transactions,
right? you can expose in the MCP all the
products, the descriptions about the
products and maybe there's a
transactional layer or not, right? Maybe
you could come. But it is not hard to
imagine that the front end of the web
disappears. Like the idea of having a
data base of the content and a website
and then rendering that PHTP into HTML
and then having a browser interpret the
HTML and then having a human read like
the this like visual version and then
it's nonsense. You can just have the LLM
just connect to the databases like hey
like what do you sell? What's the
product description? Oh, good.
>> Yeah. And 100% agree with you on that G
as to where things are going. I know
exciting times, right? It's where we're
going to be a year from now is and it's
just getting faster and faster.
>> CMO is going to do if the first project
they used to do, which is redo the
website, what's it going to be now?
>> You continue to make the experience,
build the brand, continue to make the
experience great. think about delighting
your users. So you know the you like you
just have to lean into users and and
audience
right
>> that's bringing it all
>> I and users it's not accounts and so
that is like our world as marketing then
extend into the product experience or
extend into the user experience to
continue to build that the trust in
those brands. Okay, I'm going to move us
to the end rapidfire question because I
know we're running out of time here.
It's gone by very quickly.
Okay, rapid fire questions.
First one, Sydney, I know you use a lot
of tools. Do you use We all use a lot of
tools that are AI focused. Are there
specific tools or for you categories of
tools in AI right now that you couldn't
live without even two months ago?
for work.
I would say there's two things
I we have really started to build up
like our personas and content and I
think that's transformed the way that we
test messaging, we help write messaging.
It's just like significantly improved
it. The other area that we're diving
deeper into is
the conversion rate. So once once we
have a signal and the time it takes to
like book a meeting like I'm just trying
to tackle that one to the ground and so
yes that does have an impact on certain
types of leads and who follows up on
those leads and I'm pushing those more
and more to to agents be that like a
succense intelligent workflow now they
call it the qualified agent
we're definitely getting you know lots
of incremental value there. We haven't
gone all the way like you have Amelia,
but those two areas are can't live
without, won't turn back.
>> I think personally
voice AI has transformed how I work like
on a very personal level. Like I use a
whisper flow on my phone on my computer.
I didn't think I would get there in like
in my life, but like I'm much faster
like speaking to like my device than
typing on my device. And I don't think
my kids who are like seven and nine, I
don't think they're going to be
proficient at keyboard, right? Hitting
their hands on a slab of plastic will be
like a weird relic of the past. So, I
think that's a shift of the past few
weeks and months. Really? All right.
>> That was going to be my personal one.
I just have I'll say you're an expert at
it's helped me get strategic thought
down on paper so much faster. And so,
I'll give it the persona it needs to be.
you're a product manager trained in this
model. I'm thinking of a new product
idea prompt for the interview and we
just go back and forth and it takes like
an hour what would have taken me I don't
know maybe eight or 10 hours to produce
in the past and so that's my like
personal hack. The other one is a
product called granola. I don't know if
you know that one yet.
>> Oh my god like I no longer take notes.
It's on my phone. Like it's impersonal.
everything
>> everything is written and summarized and
I'm just like mind.
>> Yeah. And so going down that path
quickly, one of the tools that I
recommend these days and the changes I'm
seeing is around content, right? Because
like we say smart things, we try to
smart things and like many different
settings is we have a lot of like
prompts, right? and the things that we
say I've moved a lot of my content from
having rewriting sessions right to like
having a AI workflow on a gox on an air
ops for example that takes that
recording snippet and turns it into a
fullyfledged article right and so that
has changed my approach to content and
I'm now encouraging CMOS to like have
much leaner content teams and just a few
people that can run content workflows at
scale because the output is just as good
if not better.
>> Yeah, the rise of AI orchestration as a
job role is going to skyrocket. I think
it's already taken the place of AI GTMs
like we already need one at we're hiring
for one. I just like Jasper artisans
hiring for one. like this role is
blowing up and it's because as we use
more and more of these tools that we all
been mentioning and use dayto-day, they
all take time. They all take time. They
all take tuning. They all take training.
They all do take oversight to build that
trust that we've been talking about. It
requires humans to build that
unironically.
Last question for both of you. Sydney,
we could start with you. What's one
parting piece of advice you'd want to
give to founders and CMOs on this AI
journey right now?
just force yourself to use it every
single second of every single day. I
changed it in my browser, so I just
everything starts with GPT and it's
really just taken me further into the
rabbit hole faster
and so
just force yourself. Good advice though.
It's true.
>> Yes. Yeah.
I would say
humans are extremely bad at
estimating
log changes, logorithmic changes, right?
And this is exactly what we're seeing
right now. And so as a founder, as a
CMO, you got to look at the trend and
say, where are we going to be 6 months,
12 months from now, and how do I change
my investments right now? And I've been
in multiple like CMO rooms and settings
lately where I've asked who is spending
25% of the budget and headcount on like
LM appearance. No one raised their hand.
And that doesn't make sense because
that's where we're heading 12 months
from now. There is no question.
>> And the sooner you get there, the more
influence you'll have.
>> It's going to be outsized. Yeah.
So you got to shoot for like
intersection point of 6 months from now,
12 months from now, right? You got to
put out your own beliefs. I write like
my own beliefs at the top of my docs. I
believe we're going to a webless world.
I believe GPT is going to be like a
quarter to a third of the traffic in 9
months from now. All right? And thus my
actions, my I what I do, my prediction,
my projects are in light of that. You
might disagree, put out your own
predictions, but we have to. If you're
not transparent and clear about your
predictions of the impact, you can't run
a good process.
>> Lots to unpack here, guys. We'll do a
followup very soon just to see where all
of us are at with all of our tools, all
of our LLMs. But thank you both for
joining and we'll see you guys again at
SAS.
>> Thank you.